do you ever feel weird weird sometimes I
feel like I'm always on the outside
there's this invisible line that I have
to cross to really be a part of
everything and I just can't ever cross
it me too
my name's Simon I'm just like you except
I have one huge ass secret I said I like
your boots
[Music]
goodbye nobody knows I'm gay sometimes I
feel like I'm stuck on a ferris wheel
[Music]
one minute I'm on top of the world
than the next cement rock-bottom
[Music]
I've been thinking about why I haven't
come out yet maybe part of me wants to
hold on to who I've always been
just a little longer
[Music]
this is
no matter what announcing who you are to
the world is pretty terrifying because
what if the world doesn't like you
PS doesn't seem fair that only gay
people have to come out find straight
the default I have something I need to
tell you I like girls trying to kill me
I like men
I'm straight